---
layout: post
title: iStat Menus 5.20
tags:
 - iStat Menus
---

iStat Menus가 5.20으로 업데이트되었다. 여담이지만 10.11은 아직 OS X으로 부르는 것이 맞지 않을까 싶다.

## [5.20](https://bjango.com/mac/istatmenus/versionhistory/)

## 22 July 2016

- Added additional sensors for some Macs.
- Added ability to search for states when adding world clocks.
- Added a new single letter day token to date formatters that uses the MTWRFSU -format.
- Added separate Order tab for controlling menu item order in macOS 10.11.
- Added informational tooltips to clock format tokens.
- Reduced CPU usage.
- Reduced memory usage.
- Improved support for macOS 10.12 Sierra.
- Improved GPU monitoring on macOS 10.11+.
- Improved UPS support.
- Improved support for late 2015 iMacs.
- Improved support for 2016 MacBook.
- Improved some sensor names.
- Improved Portuguese, French and Italian localisations.
- Fixed an issue where the time item may not detect automatic timezone changes correctly.
- Fixed an issue with network interfaces sometimes being incorrectly showing as inactive.
- Fixed an issue where some GPUs may not have been shown on Mac Pros.
- Fixed an issue with bandwidth in the menubar with virtual interfaces.
- Fixed an issue with calendar event and reminder access on macOS 10.11.
- Fixed an issue with the combined dropdown when changing dropdown skins.
- Fixed an issue with disk space not being reported for some disks.
- Fixed an issue with the CPU cores submenu not updating.
- Fixed an issue with S.M.A.R.T. hard drive temps not showing for some drives.
- Fixed an issue with sorting network processes by upload.
- Fixed a memory leak on some systems.