---
layout: post
title: MacID v1.3.3 update changelog
published: true
tag: 
 - update
 - iOS
 - OSX
---
Changes in v1.3.3 (OSX)

- Focuses on improving reconnections.
- Fixes an issue where launching MacID while Spotify or iTunes is running and paused would still cause the track name to be sent to MacID for iOS.
- Moves the Auto-lock disabled reason to the main menu.
- Auto-lock disabled reason now shows if it's disabled because you've set it to be limited to power adapter only and you're on battery, and vice-versa.
- Auto-lock disabled reason will only show if you have Auto-lock enabled.
- Adds an option to completely hide MacID from the Dock and Menu Bar. After hiding MacID you'll need to click the MacID app icon again to get it back.
- Adds an option to set a keyboard shortcut to completely hide MacID.
- Improves password entry reliability.
- Pressing play or pause on MacID for iOS while the screen is locked will wake the screen to play/pause and then automatically send the screen back to sleep.
- Fixes some nasty memory leaks.
- Fixes an issue where moving the MacID menu from the Dock to the Menu Bar would fail.
- Reduces the amount of random connections when Bluetooth briefly wakes up while the lid is closed. Unfortunately there are times when the system reports that the screen is awake even when the lid is closed so MacID will send you an unlock request. I know this is annoying so I'm continually looking into a way to work around this.

Changes in v1.3.3 (iOS)

New stuff:
- Adds support for switching between multiple Apple Watches in iOS 9.3 and watchOS 2.2
- For Proximity Wake, MacID for iOS will automatically launch MacID for Pebble, and will automatically close it after you’ve unlocked your Mac from MacID for Pebble
- Adds support for Handoff from the MacID website to MacID for iOS (it may take a little while for your iOS device to cache the data it needs for this to start working)

Fixed stuff:
- Improves battery usage
- Fixes an issue where the MacID Widget would crash when tapping on it while no devices are connected
- Fixes an issue where the MacID Widget could fail to load if no devices are paired
- Prevents an issue where a keychain permissions failure could stop MacID from automatically reconnecting
- Stops the “Please update MacID for OS X” notification from firing more than once every 6 hours, sorry if that annoyed you
- Significantly improves the reliability of battery and WiFi information in the MacID Glance
- Improves reliability of the MacID Complication
- Fixes an issue where the Connected Devices section could crash when trying to access a Mac that is no longer connected
- Fixes an issue where launching MacID for iOS from a URL scheme with an unexpected number of URL components would cause the app to hang
- Fixes an issue where opening MacID for iOS from a Proximity Wake notification wouldn’t do anything
- Long-touching on audio controls to switch to volume controls now has the same animation as 1.3.1
- Prevents double-tap on Recent Devices
- Fixes a typo in the hints